Update cagg material for TimescaleDB 2.7 (#1115)
timescale/docs: api/create_materialized_view.md

|-|-|-|-|
|`timescaledb.materialized_only`|BOOLEAN|Return only materialized data when querying the continuous aggregate view|`FALSE`|
|`timescaledb.create_group_indexes`|BOOLEAN|Create indexes on the continuous aggregate for columns in its `GROUP BY` clause. Indexes are in the form `(<GROUP_BY_COLUMN>, time_bucket)`|`TRUE`|

> |`timescaledb.finalized`|BOOLEAN|In TimescaleDB 2.7 and above, use the new version of continuous aggregates, which stores finalized results for aggregate functions. Supports non-parallelizable aggregate functions, `FILTER` and `JOIN` clauses, and the `DISTINCT` keyword.|`TRUE`|

Author: Does it actually support JOINs? I couldn't tell from the release/PR notes.

> |`timescaledb.finalized`|BOOLEAN|In TimescaleDB 2.7 and above, use the new version of continuous aggregates, which stores finalized results for aggregate functions. Supports non-parallelizable aggregate functions, `FILTER` and `JOIN` clauses, and the `DISTINCT` keyword.|`TRUE`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`timescaledb.finalized`|BOOLEAN|In TimescaleDB 2.7 and above, use the new version of continuous aggregates, which stores finalized results for aggregate functions. Supports non-parallelizable aggregate functions, `FILTER` and `ORDER BY`, and the `DISTINCT` clause in aggregate functions.|`TRUE`|
```

Seems the `JOIN` is wrong in this context... see my suggestion above.

Reviewer: Just to clarify we don't support `JOIN` in Continuous Aggregate definition yet.
